Half an hour hour away from the open in
Hong Kong, Shenzhen, and Shanghai.
You're watching the China Show. I'm Ivon
Man with David and Glass.
>> Yep. We're back in the studios today.
Good morning. Stocks across the region
trading in a very tight range as global
stock rally stalling on signs really of
like us fatigue in this AI frenzy. The
dollar rebounding with traders pairing
bets on Fed rate cuts next year.
Investors rushed, well, rushing back
really in a big way into Alibaba, making
it China's hottest tech stock with fresh
plans to boost AI spending and adding
further momentum.
>> Also ahead, China's biggest car
exporter, Cherry Auto, is set to debut
here in Hong Kong this hour after
raising more than $1 billion in its IPO.
>> Plus, a Bloomberg TV exclusive. South
Korea's prime minister tells us that US
investment projects and trade talks
cannot progress until visa issues are
resolved.
[Music]
a very good morning and to all of you.
There's really not a lot of consistency
across these markets consolidating,
trading sideways, rangebound, pick your
adjective and verb. Uh it's also not a
rush certainly to the exit. So certainly
we are tracking the losses overnight but
as you can see we are already seeing a
bit of a floor here on S&P futures that
could really all change going into the
thick of Thursday. Uh let's change the
page please and really it was the
rebound in the dollar which is petering
off as you can going to see very very
shortly right now might be adding to
some of the reasons people are taking
some risk off the table right now.
Dollar yen as you can see still on the
way uh to the downside at 10 to 1%. Gold
of course some upside although that is
of course simply reversing the move of
about 24 hours back. This is the big one
we're tracking given of course that
massive move up in copper and of course
that is one group of stocks you'll be
tracking today following of course what
took place the world's second biggest
mine we'll look at what happens of
course and I'll get you in a moment uh
change the page please the contract in
in in Shanghai okay big story Alibaba
more on this in a moment by and we're
looking now at also gaming approvals 150
plus titles the majority of which are
local titles including out of Baiu uh
later today mass to move up in the
golden dragon index up overnight and
futures are indicating coming up very
very shortly. I promised you copper
coming up come here bottom of your
screen Steve and dollar China there we
go. So we are looking at uh maybe some
of these gains from yesterday really a
manic session yesterday in Hong Kong of
course to the upside. I think it was 13
billion more more than that as far thank
you so much on southbound flows coming
through the stock connect yesterday. So
we are going to get maybe a little bit
of weakness coming through copper
futures as you can see playing a bit of
catch up to what took place overnight.
Ivonne.
>> Yep. Overnight, as you say, right, the
cleanup efforts are underway when it
comes to Ragaza. And it looks like, you
know, signs of us going back to normal,
right? And we're starting to see that
when it comes to flights, particularly
when it comes to the airport, uh Kathy
Pacific in particular, they're they're
resuming their flights starting this
morning as well. But certainly was a
storm that packed a punch. You know, it
brought us to have to hunker down uh in
Hong Kong at home, Dave. And certainly
uh now the cleanup efforts, right?
whether assessing the damage that's
going to be the next sort of stage here
uh here in Hong Kong as this typhoon now
moves towards Vietnam.
>> Yeah, we'll see what happens with that.
Certainly there's a massive backlog of
air traffic that we're going to get to
as well. Uh so we'll wait we're waiting
for more announcements coming through
out of Kathy Pacific. The other thing we
want to point out too is you know so
Cherry Auto really on the on the weather
right so it's the debut is still
happening although they've scrapped the
the ceremony at the exchange which was
supposed to take place today. So there
is some disruption but we'll see what
happens with that of course. Uh and yeah
in terms of pricing uh gray market did
indicate we might see some upside as far
as that's concerned and yeah trade
numbers yeah I'd ignore that for now. Uh
highore is one watch. So we are nearing
that 4% handle on that. So we didn't we
did not get a setting yesterday because
again of the weather. Watch that
closely. we do get something north of 4%
that would take you back to almost
levels that we saw back in in April and
in May. We were talking about this we
saw this this this bicycle story Ivon
early on.
>> So David and I when we Yeah, this is
what we mean when we grab breakfast in
the morning, right? We talk about
>> and maybe headline. Um this is an
interesting one. Giants. So they are one
of the world's biggest bike makers in
the world, right? Um, so the US is to
block giant manufacturing bicycle
imports from Taiwan. You're seeing the
shares in Taipei now are falling of some
9% or more. There you go. We're now
about down 6%. Um, so this is what we're
hearing from the US Customs and Border
Protection says its personnel will
detain bicycles, parts, and accessories
manufactured by the company and imported
from Taiwan. uh we don't know why at
this point but certainly it does uh lead
to some more discussions about where uh
trade tensions and the like and and
certainly it is impacting even the
bicycle manufacturing side of things.
>> Yeah, that's a big story no pun intended
there uh that we'll continue to track
going into uh the thick of things today.
But let's turn back to what took place
uh overnight with Alibaba and of course
this flurry then of uh changes and
upgrades from analysts. Investor
interest certainly keeps building as far
as the company is concerned. Let's bring
in Animal Jewelers, of course, our Asia
tech correspondent with all the latest
on really what's been suddenly a manic
24 48 hours here on the stock here.
>> Well, a manic a manic period and and
really underscored of course we had that
in an announcement yesterday. We can get
into more details on it, but essentially
Eddie Woo, the CEO speaking at a
conference saying they're going to go a
lot further on the AI spending. We
didn't get too many details on exactly
what that means in in terms of the
dollar figure. But in February, you had
the company saying they were going to be
sending $50 billion and and they had
that also that goal that stated goal of
reaching artificial general intelligence
and so very ambitious plans and really
putting it on the map on a global scale
as well. And you saw that I mean it's
been a huge tear for the company. If you
look at where we've been monthto date
for instance it's the top performing
name on the hang tech gauge a rally of
around 50% and and you compare that
against the peers of like bu for
instance another name where you're
having a real rethinking around its AI
efforts and its AI ambitions sense time
as well I mean it's just sort of that
broader AI theme that's also starting to
expand further now uh because you've
seen that big rally also in in the
semiconductor ecosystem as a whole not
just names like SMIC or Huah Hong but
it's also the chip equipment makers for
instance as well that are catching on in
this and it all comes back to that again
that self-reliancy and and that push for
for China really to be at the forefront
of AI
>> and it's become almost the stock to play
when it comes to China's AI boom. What
are analysts saying about it now? A lot
of upgrades. I mean, yeah, upgrades and
and I think if there was sort of one
theme that came across from the likes of
Mormon Stanley, City, Jeff, UBP is that
Alibaba's uh AI models are really world
class and and and they were very
optimistic on those in particular. Uh
UBP also made the point that you only
start to have those spending upgrades
when you're quite confident of ROI. Uh
so just to recap again, so the company's
already committed $50 billion yesterday.
Eddie Woo, the CEO, said that globally
you're going to see $4 trillion of
spending on AI in the next 5 years. And
so they want to extend even further to
keep pace. I do want to pour a little
bit of cold water on it from our
Bloomberg intelligence team because they
continue to make the point that
Alibaba, yes, they're spending really
heavily and you saw that in the latest
earnings for instance, their their cash
flow turned or outflows turned negative.
So you actually saw so much spending on
AI, I think $5 billion in that quarter
alone. ROI though I mean from the AI
models alone it was around $400 million.
So yes it increased but it's still far
short of meeting rather or matching that
huge amount of spending and that is
something you see globally. It's not
just of course an Alibaba story. I think
it's the whole narrative of being that
whole full stack AI services
>> and that's and that comes into because
now they're in the chip space. They're
going in-house on that and and they've
got their models, they've got the cloud,
you know, and we saw that announcement
yesterday that they're taking that cloud
into all around the world, you know, so
it's it's it's big and and that's sort
of the play, I guess, and why investors
are so optimistic on this company.
>> Bel, thank you. Annabelle Jewelers
there, our Asia tech correspondent.
Let's bring in Jason Ly, head of APAC
equity and data strategy at BMP Paraba.
Thank you so much for coming into the
show. um in our studio after this
massive storm. Um it seems like a storm
around Alibaba in a good way, right?
It's finally making this comeback it
seems and it's becomes the big ton of
tech darling. How do you look at this
whole AI advancement in China right now?
And how do you compare it to what you're
seeing in the US for example?
>> I think if we take a step back and think
about AI investment as a whole, I think
there are probably two interesting
separate but interconnected theme
happening. First, you have this
US-driven AI optimism that naturally
feeds into Asia thanks to the supply
chain connection in Korea and Taiwan,
and that's quite well understood. But
even for a market like Japan over the
past months, it seems to be benefiting
from that. We actually estimated that
more than 60% of the Nikkay rally since
June could be attributed to just 10
stocks that are heavily related to AI
and semiconductor. Now, then when you
look at the Hong Kong China space, it
tends to operate in a slightly different
frequency. I think Annabelle brought up
about this kind of renew optimism on AI
and we saw that earlier in Q1, right?
You may recall that during Q1, we have
that similar moment with Deep Seek, but
then it kind of fizzles out and then
when it comes to the summer, you had
this hardware versus software split as
well because during the summertime
leading up to the military parade,
there's a lot of optimism in the China
onshore market where the semiconductor
makers, equipment makers are doing quite
well. Whereas the Hong Kong market has
been under pressure because investor
were worried about this delivery battle
that may have uh pressured some of the
internet company's stocks price and
after that earnings you almost have a
clearance events and then all of a
sudden that narrative shifted from
worries of delivery price war into this
kind of AI full stack uh investment
scheme. So I think it's an interesting
evolution that the Hong Kong space is
now catching up to the rest of the world
when it comes to AI optimism. M
>> the how much of this rally is down to
the fact that I think to your point
we're playing catch-up. You know markets
were massively underweight the AI theme
in China and now suddenly we're waking
up to announcement after announcement.
In other words short term does it matter
whether or not these companies can
actually deliver ROI.
>> I think it's a great question that
increasingly investor are asking and I
think that's probably happening more in
the US now that we you have more and
more of these very big investment being
announced. I think when it comes to the
Hong Kong China space, we still at the
early stages of that. I think what we
noticed is that during the recent
earnings in the summer, many of the
internet companies did mention that they
are seeing good monetization rates of
their AI application. Perhaps to enter
point is not quite meeting the lofty
expectation on day one, but it seems
that at the moment most investor are
thinking two to three years ahead and
previously I think they were concerned
that whether or not China can even
achieve self-reliance technology. I
think that part has been resolved. So it
makes it easier for investor to project
what could happen in the next two to
three years assuming that they can start
monetizing these technology over time.
>> Yeah, a lot of the the what's driving
this rally in China seems to be the tech
sector still. Um how are we looking at
valuations right now among the tech
space? Is it looking a bit too expensive
and where?
>> Sure. I think we can divide it into two
parts. The software part and the
hardware part because they trade in
slightly different dynamics. uh if we
look at software let's say Henen
Technology for example uh we're now
trading roughly 21 times forward
earnings uh which is quite uh meaningful
rebound versus perhaps the start of the
year but then it's still below its four
five years average because back in 2021
we're trading at much different dynamics
yes and when you compare to let's say US
peer say NASDAQ NASDAQ's trading roughly
27 times forward earnings so I think
from a software perspective the hang
tech is still relatively um I guess
appealing compared to the US peers But
if you look at hardware, let's say the
China onshore semiconductor related
names, we have a basket of China
semiconductor equipment maker and those
baskets are trading roughly 40 times PE.
So that's much higher. But then I think
when investor are investing in these
theme at the moment, they're perhaps
looking at two three years ahead rather
than this year or even next year because
the base for Chinese domestic
substitution is so low that if this
substitution were to happen, then I
think that nonlinear reaction will
likely kick in in year two or year
three. So perhaps that's why investors
still willing to pay a relatively lofty
valuation for these hardware stock at
least in the onshore market.
>> There was a there was a moment last
week, I'm not sure if you saw that the
Huawei announcement on Thursday and they
outlined this three-year plan short of
the description was basically this is
the path to catch up with Nvidia. Is
there any reason to doubt that China
will be able to to catch up in terms of
being at the forefront of technologies
as it pertains to the Nvidia story?
>> Sure. I think from a China perspective
there seems to be this kind of
collective effort uh beyond the company
you mentioned recently we also had the a
global AI conference in China where all
the global AI leaders also came and they
also demo some very impressive
technology around that as well. So
perhaps it's not a company specific
issue but rather the entire supply chain
we have seen even internet platform
companies are now jumping into the
custom chips which is something that the
global peer has been doing. So I would
imagine that by collectively upgrading
the entire value chain, it is possible
to do the whole foods tech stack on
their own. But it will take time because
it is the first time that China is
trying to achieve these kind level of
sophistication when it comes to
technology.
>> Quick question for you then. You know,
as you know, the bar seems very low for
for investors to become impressed by any
sort of I mean I'm tempted to add an I
in between my AMV so you know so I
become an AI too. How do we distinguish
hype at this point in time or does that
question not matter still?
>> I think depends on which market you're
looking at. I think
>> Hong Kong, let's talk about the Hong
Kong software.
>> Sure. I think on the Hong Kong side, the
the investors probably still looking for
revenue opportunity. Okay.
>> They still want to see that what kind of
new tools companies can introduce to
really amplify the revenue with AI. I
think the profitability question will
come. I agree because the number is
starting to get quite big. But because
the starting point is so low that having
some tools that they can monetize is
already quite encouraging compared to
where we are let's say a year ago.
>> Okay. U Jason of course will be staying
with us. Lots more to talk about as it
pertain to this Chinese equity market
head of APAC equity and derivative
strategy there at BNP. Coming up here on
shows our exclusive with the South
Korean prime minister after hundreds of
Korean workers were taken into custody
following a raid on a US battery plant.
[Music]
Realistically, without a solution, it's
difficult to invest in the United States
and carry out the various joint projects
currently planned between South Korea
and the US. We absolutely must find a
solution. Several projects are underway
between South Korea and the US. Without
resolving the visa issue, meaningful
progress remains virtually impossible.
[Music]
Right, welcome back. Uh, we're about two
minutes into the, uh, announcement of
the midpoint for the day here. There we
go. Bottom of your screen, 7118 versus
the estimates and we have, in fact,
there we go. We have actually reversed
most of the weakness in the futures
market as we go move into, of course,
the pre-markets in a couple of minutes
here.
>> Yep. We'll continue to watch what
happens with Alibaba and the like here.
Is are we set for some sort of cooling
period after the surge in the ADRs and
what we saw in Hong Kong yesterday as
well. Uh still with us is Jason Ly, head
of APAC equity and derivative strategy
at BNP Paraba. Uh let's let's kind of
move the whole Alibaba tech story aside
and really talk about this kind of slow
bull market that we're seeing in China.
People were expecting this press
briefing on Monday to maybe have some
sort of policy or or stimulus. We didn't
quite get it. But you said there was
more that came out of this this briefing
that maybe investors overlooked. What is
it? Yeah,
>> that's right. I think if I go back to
your earlier point, why were people
expecting some uh stimulus? Because if
you look at the title of that meeting is
supposed to be a recap of the 14
five-year plan. So supposed to be
backward-looking. But because of the
people who are attending that meeting,
you have the heads of all the financial
regulators. Yes, they give people the
memory of this time last year. The same
group of folks actually introduced
something quite meaningful. So even
though the subject was backward-looking
there was some expectation of a
forward-looking statement and it's
interesting that uh Pangongen the head
of PBC said at the very beginning
today's about the recap so I think that
kind of set the expectation but what is
interesting that once we start listening
to the CSRC chair Wuing he actually gave
a few very interesting comment uh Ivonne
you mentioned about slow boom market in
fact I think the definition of slow boom
market is quite vague in China because
we are so used to boom bus cycle we are
not used to slow boom market it's
something that would love to see but we
don't have enough historical evidence.
So when you dig a little bit deeper into
Wuing's comment, he made a few very
interesting point. Number one, he
actually said that the realized
volatility of Shanghai composite index
during the 145-year plan has declined by
2.8 volatility point. This is highly
unusual for regulators to give you such
a specific comment when it comes to
market volatility. And this feeds into
our idea that perhaps what the
regulators are going after is higher
volatility adjuster or risk adjusted
return. And if you look at the major
indices in China this year, let's say
CSI 300 or CSI A500 index, their
volatility adjusted return is actually
even better than S&P 500. So perhaps we
need to change our mindset a little bit.
It's less about the absolute return.
It's more about your return divided by
the risk that you're taking that you can
draw in more investor into this kind of
slow boom market,
>> right? And that drop in let's call it
actual was that by design or is that
something that they can target as an
objective for example what would be the
best leading indicator basically if if
that is what we're supposed to be paying
attention to moving forward.
>> Sure. I think there may be two or three
ways to look at this. Number one we have
seen concrete action from the government
to lower the downside volatility. M
>> if you may recall over the past year or
so the national team has been a lot more
active when it comes to ETF purchases
and it's to our understanding that they
tend to step in when you have a major
negative shock in the market and we have
seen something similar right the bank of
Japan at the start of aomics also have
achieved something like that where they
go through this ETF purchasing program
to reduce the so-called equity risk
premium uh in the market
>> I think the other one to look at is what
the markets are projecting going forward
so as the structural volatility of the
market continue to go down the options
market will also likely to price in
lower volatility going forward as well
and that is seems to be true in both the
onshore market and the offshore market
even for Hansen tech for example
>> so so what's sort of the advice now how
do you still participate in this rally
and how do you express kind of the
optimism around things like AI and the
like now
>> yeah I think one interesting phenomenon
happening in the hensen technology
derivative market is that what we call
low but expensive optionality. It sounds
counterintuitive but let me explain. Low
means that the absolute level of
volatility is quite low. So at the
moment the short data volatility in
Hangen technology index is roughly 30
points which is low by historical
standard below it 2-year average.
>> Okay.
>> But when you compare to what has
happened i.e. the realized volatility is
still quite rich. So you get into a
situation if you buy these option
outright you may be overpaying for the
potential distribution of these indices
and so instead what we have noticed is
that our clients are switching into the
so-called cost spread strategy where you
can lower the cost but still maintain
the upside participation and this type
of strategy tends to work quite well in
a market like right now where the
absolute level of volatility is drifting
lower but it's still quite expensive to
hold it outright. So by doing a
combination you are maximizing your
return on your premium
>> right? Should these conditions continue?
Is there any reason to believe that
these investing conditions will will
persist over the over the future? In
other words, will the trade still work
as more people perhaps correct correct
the price into where it should actually
be?
>> Sure. I think there will be eventually
this convergence of implied volatility
versus realized volatility and it could
happen when you have these market
shocks. For example, uh I think Ivonne
brought up earlier about the Taiwan
export situation that it's a good
reminder that there's still some
unresolved situation when it comes to
global trade. We know that US China is
still going through the negotiation. We
know that there's still other M&A deals
that's going through. So I think there's
still plenty of uh event catalyst on the
horizon and that is why using options
rather than simply buying it outright uh
can give investor a better risk reward
profile that way.
>> There we go. That's where Jason and his
team of course come into play. Jason,
fantastic. Thank you so much for for for
for coming here uh into our studios
today. Jason Louie there, head of APAC
equity and derivative strategy at BNP uh
PARB. Just uh in fact on the note that
uh Jason was just making there, right?
The fact that a national team is in, we
actually have a very good piece out.
This is for our Bloomberg clients. You
can read all about it. You'll see it
coming up on your screens very very
shortly. There we go. Right. The
national team and the purchases 50
billion. A lot of that of course is via
these ETFs. You can read all about that
story coming up very very shortly.
>> All right, we're checking two big stocks
here this morning. Alibaba certainly the
one to watch. We're unchanged in the
pre-market, but there you go. Cherry
Auto first day of trade there and we are
seeing a pop in the shares about 11% or
more. No gong ceremony as we've been
told due to of course the typhoon and
the like here. But yes, this is after
raising 9 billion or so Hong Kong
dollars in that IPO. We got plenty more
ahead. This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
All right, analyst actions today. It is
all about Alibaba, right? Take a look
what City what Barrett and Huatai has
done overnight. So, ADRs from City have
been upgraded. uh really want to back up
what they're saying is a tenfold
increase that they're expecting when it
comes to data capacity and rising AI
cloud demand.
>> Well, let's see if they're correct this
time because certainly the the fact that
you have a massive delta in those price
targets effectively is an admission that
oh we didn't see this one coming and we
need to adjust but you know who knew
anyway like a typhoon yesterday. Yes.
>> Feel still a bit salty about what
happened but yeah anyway
>> we needed to do what we needed to do.
>> Okay. Okay. But certainly that's one to
watch here today whether it seems like
pre-market we're unchanged right now.
We'll see how the rest of the day uh
goes here. But certainly is it time for
for a bit of profit taking on this
trade. Uh stocks to watch as well. We're
watching Child Services. Uh some news
there when it comes to the company. So
the stock is now up 2% after proposing
an issuance of bonds uh there of up to
2.2 billion Hong Kong dollars. And we
got a cherry auto debut looks to be a
pretty good one. This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
Right, welcome back. You're watching the
China show. We're going into the open
today. So, yes, for one, the market was
open yesterday despite the typhoon. And
not only was it open, it had a stellar
session. massive influence across the
stock connect and today we're looking at
this debut of cherry auto which uh early
indication suggests that we're going to
get a massive pop at the open today up
11% in your pre-market apart from that
mining stocks we're looking at green
energy we're looking at game makers as
well gaming companies among the many
this bitty busy news flow going into the
Thursday session Ivon
>> yeah uh no shortage of news really when
it comes to these markets here today as
you mentioned right so cherry auto we'll
talk about that in just a bit but looks
like the pre-market has been looking
pretty good when it comes comes to the
first day of trade here. Of course, they
are one of China's biggest
>> exporters, the OG of of really
automakers here, but not a pure EV play.
So, we'll see how investors look at this
stock, but the gray market was looking
pretty good uh yesterday here as well.
Onore markets are looking like this year
right now. So, we're pretty flat when it
comes to Shanghai uh as well as in
Shenzhen here today. We're watching
copper very closely here after of course
uh that Freeport Macaran accident that
forced a force majour. Uh so that
certainly is impacting the copper price
here this morning. So we're seeing some
of the futures in China up some 3% here.
Uh we're also watching when it comes to
crude. We're up one and a half% uh this
morning as well. So on markets are doing
okay. Not much movement here when it
comes to bond markets. But we're
watching very closely this kind of
rotate reversal in the dollar, right?
The strength that we've seen has really
kind of put this rem rally or strength
uh really hitting the skids right now.
We briefly touched that 714 level just
overnight. All right, let's hit the
boards and show you how uh things are
looking at when it comes to the
currencies. So, uh a lot of talk of
whether this sort of catchup rally to
the dollar with Treasury yields can that
actually last here, but we're still
talking about 713 levels uh for REMMBB.
Uh honky dollar still looking a little
bit strong as well. We're still at that
778 levels this morning. Uh but we're
focusing very closely on tech, right?
So, Alibaba, there you go. were still
extending some gains, but you know,
yesterday was the big one after, of
course, that we heard uh from their very
own tech conference here of them really
throwing a lot of money into this beyond
just that $50 billion target that they
had when it comes to AI spending. So,
looks like we're still seeing some legs
in this Alibaba rally. This is after
we've heard from the likes of City
upgrading the ADRs and really talking
about this potential, right? They're
expecting a t-fold increase when it
comes to data centers and even just for
when it comes to this whole AI cloud
demand. So there you go. Alibaba is up
just around that 175 174 level here
right now. BU is interesting. We're at
1.6%. So gaming approvals came through.
I think more more than 150 games that
were approved from regulators uh
overnight there. And BU was actually one
of them. Um, so there's actually that
element to the whole BU story as well,
not just when it comes to AI where you
know Tencent, Alibaba as well as BU have
become the AI darlings in some ways, but
there's a gaming element as well.
Tencent though is heading the opposite
direction. Flip the boards are watching
of course copper stocks as we talked
about with what's going on in Freeport
McMarin. So we'll see how some of these
local miners are doing. There you go.
Coc is up some 11% here right now. Johny
copper also up some 9% and following the
price of copper. And there you go.
cherry. I'll leave you with this. So, no
gong ceremony today. This is that one
day after the typhoon. So, potentially
that's why they did cancel that
ceremony, but looks pretty ceremonial
here today. There you go. 10% pop for
Sheriato.
>> Yeah. I mean, I'm sure people who
issuers that don't get this nice first
day pop would rather they get this than
showing up and having that uh bagging up
the gong. Uh best day on record uh for
Cherry, of course. just the latest of
again many companies hitting this market
to raise cash and in their case of
course they'll be using that in terms of
R&D. Um, it's also a good reminder for
markets investors to really brush up on
Cherry Auto, right? A company that's
been here um, has been one of China's
biggest car exporters for many, many
years, decades. In fact, if you trace it
back to the early 2000s, in fact, there
you go on your screens, right? It's at
the very top. We keep focusing on some
of these uh uh startups well newish uh
EV players like Xpong and Neo but yeah
this is really one of the OGs uh in this
markets according in fact to Frost and
Sullivan actually here the automaker has
remained in fact at the very top the top
exporting brand every year for the last
22 years. Let's get more with Bill Russo
uh founder and CEO of consulting and
investment platform Auto Mobility. Bill,
good morning and thank you for taking
the time to speak with us again. You
remind investors if they're buying into
this IPO, what exactly are they buying?
What kind of automaker are they buying
here?
>> Uh yeah, I think you described them as
an OG. Uh yeah, they've been around a
long time. Uh I've been in China for 21
years and I'd known them right from the
beginning. Uh when my early days at
Chrysler, I we had conversations with
this company. They've they are a a
traditional company. They are I would
call them legacy companies. Companies
that have been making gasoline powered
vehicles for a long time for but for
many years. Cherry actually sold more
cars outside of China than they did
inside China. They have wellestablished
uh distribution relationships with uh
countries all around the world. They're
selling in over 100 countries. Uh they
still predominantly sell gasoline
powered vehicles which around the world
that's still the predominant form. But
they're also the number six in China uh
company overall and the number four
company in new energy vehicles. So
they're an upand cominging uh entrance
into the new energy vehicle race, but
they're well established in the gasoline
powered and that gives them a leg up on
competition. If you're if you're
fighting in a race with EVON startups,
you have this dual track strategy that
you could play on where you can continue
to milk the old cow, the new the
combustion engine powered vehicles,
especially in markets which still
primarily demand those while you invest
in creating the portfolio of new energy
vehicles, which is what they're doing
with the IPO.
>> Yeah. And it's interesting, right, when
you look at the markets that they do
export to, I think is what what struck
me was that Russia was one of the key
markets after uh its largest single
market after China. So it seems like
right now though there's a bit of reset
when it comes to you know exporting to
markets like Russia uh like Iran, like
Cuba that might face some regulatory
risk and the risk of sanctions. What do
you make of this sort of move? Is it a
strategic move and and how are they
going to fill the gap and whether
markets can actually fill that gap?
I would say it's opportunistic. They
they pivot quickly. Uh they they just
opened up a strategic partnership in
Iraq uh with a a J Motors which is a um
a a Saudi based distributor. Um so they
have and this is I think to to the to
the flexibility and the the the speed at
which Chinese companies can pivot is
amazing. They're not afraid of going
through the emerging markets. I think
that the the global automakers tend to
prioritize the big and obviously Chinese
companies would like to be in the big
European markets where there's better
margin opportunities, but they're not
afraid of taking those beach heads in
smaller markets. So, they will go to to
the global south. They will focus on and
have Latin America, Middle East, and
other places around the world to build
up scale. That gives them the ability to
compete uh at scale and at cost. And
then that gives them the entry point to
enter the bigger markets in Europe.
>> Bill, what's interesting about, you
know, an example like this where you
have a company to your point, maybe part
legacy, it's been around for a while,
but it's just now listing is the a lot
of people for the very first time get to
see the financials of the company. Uh,
and and I wonder do I
if you know the temptation for the
company to use the money it's it's
raised today to compete for the future
in EVs. Do you think that would be a
smart strategic decision on the part of
the company to compete head-to-head with
the likes of the X poms, the Neos, the
BYDs?
>> Well, they've been in their in their
perspectives, they've been uh earmarking
how they're going to use the funds. Now,
they're their aim was to raise 1.2
billion at a over 20 two bill around
a$22 billion um valuation. That puts
them ahead of other EV startups like Neo
and Xpang. uh on total valuation. So
they clearly are getting uh capital
markets to recognize what they have
here. What they also disclosed that
they're intending to use 35% of the
proceeds for new market development and
and that's indicative of the kind of
company they are. They are the number
one exporter of made in China products,
automobiles around the world. The second
on the list is BYD. uh but cherry's
number one. It has been for a long as
you said for a long time. So 35% is to
grow the scale of the business in the
international markets. 25% is to be uh
allocated to next generation smart new
energy vehicles and the balance will go
into continued investment in overseas
expansion and upgrading their woohoo
base which is their their home
operation. So they have very clear idea
what they want to do with the funds. Uh
they've been very uh clear on on the
priority. Priority being to scale the
business in the international markets.
>> Bill, if you had to take your pick in
terms of the EV space or the auto space
in general uh in China right now, what
stands out to you? Right. I think what
what really shocked the market a few
weeks ago was the fact that the number
one in the EV space, BYYD, is the one
that really is suffering in terms of
earnings now because of the price wars,
because of what we're seeing. uh
competitively. How do you look at the
whole EV space moving forward in the
next three to six months?
>> Yeah, I think there's a class of comp
competitor BYD clearly in the lane of I
scale first and I defer profits uh to
when I've squeezed out competition
uh in the ability to compete in the
future of mobility especially new energy
vehicles is a race to scale. Uh I would
say companies like BYYD clearly are
going to be able to scale in the high
cost components and particularly the
batteries. That's their DNA. Cherry is
leveraging its ability to build at low
cost. They are originating from a lower
tier region. They prioritize their
ability to sell into lower tier regions
of China. Have that's been their DNA
from the beginning. And they're going to
p they're going to leverage that by
going into these emerging markets and
competing on price with a mixed
portfolio of new energy vehicles and
eventually but initially as uh gasoline
powered vehicles u that's a lane of
competition now there's another lane of
competition those are the supercalers I
would call them BYD and cherry clear
examples of that and then there's the
lane of technology competition that's
where Xiaomi
lives. That's where uh companies like
Lee Auto and Neo and Xpang live. Those
are the two emerging lanes of
competition coming from China.
>> Bill, final question for you. You know,
you speak with a lot of American
companies of course involved in China's
car industry. People talk about and they
seem to focus on the fact that Chinese
names are competing with foreign names.
But when you look across that supply
chain, are there opportunities in that
Chinese auto supply chain for foreign
companies to get involved? I
>> I think that is the way forward for the
global auto industry. Unfortunately,
we've conflated Geop politics with
economics in a way that's detrimental uh
to the uh sustaining business
performance of the global auto industry.
There's no road to the future of
electric mobility that doesn't at least
for the near term engage at a level the
the Chinese supply chain. I I would
argue it's not just about the acquiring
batteries. It's also the consu the the
power electronics that are needed in the
vehicle. You need to build them at large
volumes in order to drive down cost. And
cost and price competitiveness are going
to be essential if you're going to
compete in the future of mobility.
That's going to include Chinese
companies going global. So the future of
the industry depends on finding a way to
leverage the scale of markets like China
for your uh competitiveness going
forward.
>> Bill, thank you sir. Bill Russo there,
founder and CEO of auto mobility uh for
us. Uh going into the session today,
just a reminder of course because of the
weather yesterday, we didn't get a high
bar setting. One to watch because we're
knocking on the door of 4% for the first
time since May. really this is really
one of the last things this struggling
property market really needs here in
Hong Kong. Again, higher borrowing costs
and higher mortgage rates, what have
you.
>> Yeah, we we'll see if that changes how
things look, right? Um certainly it has
been a bit of a comeback when it comes
to hybrid. Um HSBC, meanwhile, it's a
perfect segue to this is really having
to take well said to have taken the
unusual step of pushing its Hong Kong
subsidiary Hangen Bank to offload
portfolios of bad real estate debt. Now,
this comes amid concern over the city's
struggling property sector. Let's get
get in our China credit reporter Trista
Law, who's here to tell us more. It's an
unusual step, but tell us why it's
unusual.
>> Yeah, so we haven't seen this before. Um
HSBC, which owns uh 63% of Hungam right
now is directly involved to push uh the
Hong Kong subsidiary to offflow its bad
real estate debt. And we know from heard
from sources is that Hansens right now
are considering to sell three uh loan
portfolio which is our value at more
than three billion dollars. So that's a
massive number and sources are telling
us HSBC is basically not satisfied with
Hansen's current approach to deal with
its NPL portfolio. basically they are
relied more on individual relationship
with those private lenders and other key
institutional players and deal with
those asset on a individual basis. So
what HSBC wants is more a holistic
approach and try to you know sell it in
a more systematic way. So right now um
Hen is also in talks with some
consulting firms.
>> You know I could be speaking to you
soon. I think you guys might have moved
the market. So Hangen backs down you
know down quite a bit outpacing these
losses. So what's next here? What do we
need to watch out for?
>> Yeah, first of all, we definitely need
to watch how well uh the HSBC uh
directive will be followed, right?
Because uh Hansen is already being in
touch with some private uh lenders and
some of them already sign NDA. So, we
need to see like how this whole uh
discussion goes. And secondly, I think
more importantly is like how the
Hansen's move will impact uh other banks
in Hong Kong because last week when we
reported that Hansen is already, you
know, considering sell some portfolio
which worth uh more than $1 billion and
some bankers from other banks already
told me it's like a bond to the market.
So they might need to relook their own
book and some of their property access
might need to go through revaluation. So
that's something we're looking at now.
>> Okay. gonna keep you busy for sure.
Trista, thank you so much. Trista law
there on the HSBC hanging and the
dynamic change between the two there.
Staying on HSBC and the bank says it has
achieved, get this, a world first
breakthrough in deploying quantum
computing in financial markets if the
two things weren't hard enough to
understand already. One senior executive
describing it as a sputnick moment for
the industry. The lender says it's used
IBM's most advanced quantum processor
for a 34% improving improvement in
predicting bond prices. Well,
something's got to help. Uh, it's the
first time any bank has used real trades
at scale to demonstrate the edge offered
by the emerging technology. All right, I
just
>> Sputnik moment.
>> Yeah, I didn't understand what I just
read there, but anyway, plenty more
ahead. This is the China show.
[Music]
Right, welcome back. Now, South Korea's
prime minister says investment projects
in the US will remain in limbo until
this visa issue is resolved. Now, the
two countries are working to revise the
visa system after hundreds of South
Koreans were detained earlier this month
in that raid in Georgia. Uh Kim Min told
us exclusively that the incidents also
casting a cloud over talks to finalize a
trade deal later this year.
>> This negotiation wasn't initiated by us.
We didn't start from a position of
advantage nor did we raise the issues.
Isn't that the case for the entire
world? Since the whole world is
negotiating under the new conditions
presented by the United States rather
than insisting on specific conditions,
the correct answer would be that certain
things are simply difficult to achieve.
Therefore, anything that exceeds the
limits of what the Republic of Korea can
bear in terms of national interests,
acceptability, capacity or public
understanding will be quite difficult to
undertake.
Are the issues that need to be resolved
around the $350 billion investment fund
to the US?
>> That's generally the case since the
framework for the large amount is
already set. The fact that the amount is
fixed means it started with the
expectation that depending on how that
amount is structured, it could
potentially be mutually beneficial.
However, the structure itself, how the
funds are raised or how the profits are
distributed, these things need to be
within the bounds of what's considered
normal. And when explaining to our
Korean citizens, it needs to be at a
level where they can understand and
accept it. Above all, it must be within
the capacity of our Korean economy to
handle. When it comes to the tariff
themselves,
we still have to see the US actually
lowering car tariffs on South Korea to
the agreed 15%. And even if the tariffs
were lowered, the tariff advantage that
South Korean car makers had over Japan,
for example, 2 and a.5% before the Trump
trade deal. That's going to disappear.
How painful is that for South Korean
firms right now?
First, the FTA structure between US and
the US is changing and that will create
a burden. Naturally, if tariffs drop
from 25 to 15%, that will be better. But
it's still harder than before and
especially at this point. There's the
difficulty of having to bear to 25%
until this negotiation concludes. So, in
short, there are difficulties.
Hyundai Motor and others are facing
particular challenges. However, as far
as we understand, Hyundai Motor
currently plans to navigate this
situation without changing its pricing
policy for now. I personally view this
as a relatively wise approach. The
government is reviewing various policy
options to see what can be done to
alleviate the burden on the automotive
sector caused by the ongoing
negotiations.
More problematic also for Korean
companies has been the visa issue
especially with the plant in Georgia.
What sort of resolution can we expect on
that front?
>> Before discussing what kind of solution
there is realistically without a
solution, it's difficult to invest in
the United States and carry out the
various joint projects currently planned
between South Korea and the US. We
absolutely must find a solution. Several
projects are underway between South
Korea and the US. Without resolving the
visa issue, meaningful progress remains
virtually impossible.
The detention incident dealt a severe
blow not only to the general Korean
public, but especially to the workers
who were actually detained. In the
absence of firm assurances regarding
their safety, both they and their
families are understandably reluctant to
enter the US again. While this matter
remains unresolved,
>> are investment projects right now halted
until some resolution is acquired on the
visa issue?
>> Although the projects have not been
entirely halted or formally placed on
hold, it will be very difficult for a
large number of workers to enter or
re-enter the US until this problem is
resolved.
South Korean firms are also seeing
challenges for example in China
especially when it comes to US chip
restrictions for Beijing. Korean firms
operating in China. How can South Korea
manage the growing tech rivalry between
China and the United States?
>> That's a problem the whole world is
grappling with. It's a natural concern,
especially for countries like Korea that
share significant economic ties with
both the United States and China.
Naturally, we strive to maintain good
relations with all neighboring
countries. However, we understand that
the overall plate we stand on has tilted
slightly compared to the past.
>> In what way?
>> The terrain itself has tilted towards
strengthening our relationship with the
United States. I can answer in that way.
>> There we go. Wide-ranging conversation
with Sheri there South Korea Marhead.
This is Bloomberg.
[Music]
All right, we're watching CL shares here
right now. Oh, the H shares are heading
to a record here after what we saw that
JP Morgan upgrade on talking really the
strong earnings outlook right when it
comes to ESS demand energy storage
systems and really their earnings
estimates now are the highest on the
street.
>> Okay. Yeah, there we go. Really one uh
other market to watch here as well uh
some of these miners. We'll get to that
in a moment. Plus, of course, these
announcements coming through here on the
bond market on both sides of the border.
Uh maybe a push here in Hong Kong and of
course more on the mainland. Plenty more
ahead. This is the China show.
[Music]
>> Welcome back to the China Show. Uh we're
glad to be back at work as well after we
were hunkered down.
>> I'm not actually. I'm not. I'm
exhausted. I'm exhausted, but ah God, I
got to get out of the house, man.
>> I was stuck I was stuck with three kids
working from home in my living room.
>> Yes.
>> Well, some of our viewers might have
caught a glimpse of that.
>> Oh, I wish we could re Yeah.
>> This time yesterday,
>> hurricane mom, one of my friends called
me. Um should she says, "You should be a
meme." It shouldn't be me. It should be
my son. But there you go. Hang is
trimming some of these gains here as we
speak. Perhaps the Alibaba story. Yeah,
you know, all so much optimism yesterday
despite what we saw with that storm.
That's cooling off a little bit as well
here this morning.
>> Yeah, I think we hit an 81 or 82 on the
14-day RSI of Alibaba. Certainly a lot
of catchup of course out of analysts on
the sales side upgrading the price
targets and the stock here. Uh I'm just
keep a quick glance at the stock itself
and of course other things as well
taking place on the back of uh well
business as usual, right? So Alibaba is
up 1%. We're trading at about 176 on
that. Other things of note, uh you have
of course CL. We talked about these
upgrades coming through. Um and we're
looking at now u on track for a record
right on the eight share specifically
Cherry Auto that's the big IPO here
today in the city. We talked about Baba
and of course Hangen Bank to the
downside on the perhaps on the back of
this Bloomberg uh are reporting here
that uh HSBC is looking at its unit Hen
uh to help clean up of course some of
the bad debts on on their books. Uh the
other big story overnight was the forest
majour of course world's second biggest
copper mine and that's really that
really led past tense to uh some big
gains in in the price of copper
overnight. We're seeing that bit of
catch up in the Shanghai contract today.
Equity plays on your screens on shortly.
Uh in fact right now it's coming up
copper prices, iron ore and of course
you have steel and Shanghai crude also
coming up on your screens. There we go.
as far as copper goes, 3% to the upside.
And of course, some of the game uh game
makers here, which we're not talking
about the casinos, we're talking about
the actual computer games. 10 cents, BU
and Net East. There we go. 100 uh 145
plus 11 that takes us to about 156 if my
math is correctly. That's basic
arithmetic. I don't know. Well, that
underscores, I guess, how fatigued we
are here. Uh 3% to the upside on shares
of BYU.
>> Yeah, that's interesting. the gaming
element for that company in particular
here. It it really was kind of
benefiting from the whole AI wave that
we're seeing alongside Alibaba here as
well. Let's bring in Mark Cranfield, our
Bloomberg ML strategist. He joins us
from Singapore. Uh Mark, it's great to
have you and you know let's start with
what we saw with Alibaba, right? You
know, certainly it seems like as as Dave
mentioned, right? Any sort of mention of
AI spending and these markets just go
euphoric in some ways and Alibaba has
been a key beneficiary. But you know,
where are we in terms of the stock? We
reached a peak, this cooling off period,
how long can it last?
>> Yeah, I think when you when you consider
the the huge amount of money which was
flooded into to Alibaba and some of the
other techreated companies on an AI
story and you saw overnight Oracle
issuing a huge bond amount, one of the
biggest ever that was subscribed about
10 times over that money is probably
going to find its way into building AI
data centers and those kind of things.
So the whole story is getting a bit
euphoric when you consider that we're
we're pretty close to quarter end now
and then China's going to go into a long
holiday immediately afterwards for
National Day. There certainly there are
signals there that might might take
people pause a little bit here. Let's
let's stand back a bit and take a
breather because this has been an
extraordinary run. doesn't mean to say
that we can't do nicely in the fourth
quarter as well, but in the very near
term, it's all looking a little bit
frothy and as though people need to to
calm down a bit. And there are a couple
of warning signals out there. If you
look at Ether, for example, in the
crypto space as markets were really
rebounding nicely from the the
Liberation Day selloff in April. Ether
was one of the leading crypto plays.
That's clearly starting to top out now.
It's getting quite close to the 4,000
level. or if it dips below there, you
could see a pretty broad set off across
the crypto space that may well feed into
equities as well in the near term as
well. So, there's a few cracks starting
to appear at least that would make
people think, okay, we're coming to the
end of September. Maybe it's time just
to book some of these profits. So, it
would be a bit surprising if we saw the
likes of Alibaba and 10 cent really
extend their gains too much until we've
seen a little bit of settling down
first.
Mark, we also woke up to this this big
move in the in the dollar overnight. I
mean, that could be one of the pains.
Could is the operative word there. What
do you think was the the catalyst there
for this move in the dollar on
Wednesday?
>> In in the very near term, that was just
a backup in Treasury yields. The
auctions this week have not gone as
smoothly as expected. So, short-term
yields are a bit higher in US. That
usually quickly translates into a bid
for the US dollar. gain positioning
towards the end of the the third
quarter. People would have been a bit
short. US dollars probably covering some
of that as well. The read across from
crypto would also be slightly bullish
for US dollars. It's probably a
near-term positioning thing. People just
readjusting. It probably doesn't have
major significance. Also, some of the
Fed speakers this week have not been as
doubbish maybe as people expected. They
probably were thinking that once the Fed
speakers come back after last week's
rate cut, they would have been more
aggressive in selling the story that
rate cuts are coming. The market's still
pricing for lower interest rates from
the Federal Reserve this year, but not
quite as aggressively as they were a
week ago. So, all of that plays into the
near-term mood. It's probably just a
blip. It's unlikely that the big theme
of a lower US dollar is really going to
change very much. If you look at the
euro, it's still around 117. And that's
the the first place that people will
look if they want to know where the US
dollar story is. They'll be looking at
the euro cross.
Unless we see a major change there, then
people will be expecting US dollar to
gradually ease lower into year end.
>> Mark, thank you so much. Mark Cranfield
in Singapore for us. Let's continue the
China part of the conversation there
with uh with Mark just now. As this
market comes back alive, a lot of
interest is certainly circling around
this equity market. Uh Morgan Stanley
says his research team had some recent
conversations with US clients and have
revealed really investors expecting this
divergence between Chinese markets and
macro environment to continue. Chattton
is here with us chief Asia economist at
Morgan Stanley recently back of course
from a US trip. Chatton very nice to see
you sir. interesting the title of the
report and the choice of words what we
debated with US investors not what we
discussed with US investors give us a
sense of what that dynamic was like and
that those those that debate
>> yeah so I think first up I should say
that like it's a it's a pleasant change
uh when you would go in the past to the
US uh there will always be a lot of
concern on investability in China that
issue did not come up in a single
meeting so that's a pleasant change Um
the other interesting uh thing I learned
is that there was a clear distinction
between understanding on macro
developments as well as market
developments.
I that you know the concern that we all
have on China economy, China deflation
that is well appreciated. Uh so there
was not much debate on the outlook of
China's macroeconomy. Uh but there was
uh a question whether you know when can
you really have that divergence where uh
economy is not doing well. deflation is
exerting pressure on corporate profits
in aggregate
>> but can the markets do well and that's
where I sense that their conclusion was
that yes markets can do well because we
have a completely different set of uh
ideas there particularly like how you
see in the US right the max 7 is doing
well uh the broader economy has not been
doing well more recently uh and same way
they're thinking about China that that
there can be stories in China which are
worth investing and that can diverge
from the overall macroeconomic scenario.
>> There's still a lot of debate about
whether China can exit out of deflation
and I think you guys still feel like
there's still a lot of lingering uh
pressures when it comes to deflation
here right now. But what what's the take
on whether anti-evolution, you know, is
that going to be enough to to lift the
economy out of deflation and what is it
needed for that to be to actually
succeed? So we are still uh skeptical
that current form of anti-involution
policy on its own is going to be
sufficient to get China out of
deflation. Um just think about the fact
that why we got here. We got here we
have this deflation challenge in China
because policy makers are trying to
focus on a GDP growth target which is
right now 5%. Um and you are having this
massive structural decline in the
property sector. So when you have that
hole in growth because of property they
want to try and bridge that gap with
more investment in manufacturing and
infrastructure and that's creating this
problem of excess capacity and
deflation. So if we truly want to fix
that uh deflation challenge uh we think
that a few steps are needed. Number one
they need to accept lower real GDP
growth maybe 3 and a half 4%. uh number
two they need to generate that 3 and a
half 4% GDP growth with more consumption
rather than investment because if even
if lower GDP growth is achieved with
more investment you still have that
problem of uh excess capacity
>> uh and in some of the sectors in
manufacturing we know the excess
capacity is huge like 50 55%. uh whether
it is solar, batteries, EVs, uh even
legacy nodes, semiconductors. So there
needs to be a pull back in that
investment growth driven GDP growth
maybe for 2 three years.
>> Yeah.
>> Uh and then that can help uh improve
that dynamic of capacity utilization uh
and get us out of that deflation
challenge.
>> Part of where some of that excess
capacity has been used for is really in
this pickup in exports again. Should
that remain the in other words if you're
you know an emerging market economy
should you expect more Chinese imports
to to come in also developed market
economy Europe for example
>> is that is that a feature now a feature
not so much a bug
>> no I think that's definitely going to
happen and let's accept it some of the
stuff that China is making now
particularly the sectors that I
mentioned has excess capacity are
precisely the sectors which emerging
economies as well as Europe needs those
products Let's take the example of India
right India India needs that for all the
products that I mentioned which China
has excess capacity to meet its energy
transition needs
and moreover India also needs the
capital goods for those sectors and
China is again the only country which
can supply the capital goods related to
those sectors so I think emerging
markets are going to take it uh the only
challenge for those emerging markets
particularly I would say Azan
is that they don't have the the domestic
demand strength to offset that pressure
from imports from China. And that's why
it's becoming more challenging for them.
And we've seen what happened in
Indonesia.
And it is precisely because you're
seeing a lot of pressure from China in
all of these AAN economies in terms of
the underlying wage dynamics, labor
dynamics, and that's that's a challenge
that these economies have to face.
Is there also a silver lining to all of
it too that it's actually putting
downward pressure on inflation that
China could be exporting that as well?
>> Yeah, that's true. It's happening across
the region and uh we we have in our
report done an analysis. So what we did
is we looked at uh first of all
aggregate uh PPI in region XC China.
It's very highly correlated with China
>> uh and China in fact leads uh regional
uh PPI dynamic. So the whole region is
facing this disinflationary pressure
because of China. Uh one other study we
did is we looked at every component in
India uh in India's WPI they call it WPI
instead of PPI and then match it with
China's uh PPI segment wise and we found
a very high correlation in a lot of the
components in Indian WPI
>> because of this uh you know the
disinflationary challenge which is going
on in China. It is being transmitted to
the whole region. the the question
around the
to your point China might need to be
used to lower growth. Do you think the
employment the job market will be able
will remain stable at a 3 and a half%
level because that seems to be the
question you answer that then probably
3% is is okay. No, no, that's a very
very important question and so we we
thought through this issue and that's
why what we are recommending Robin Shing
and I both are on the same page on this
solution is that they have to target on
social security reform and if they can
increase their spending on social
welfare particularly related to migrant
workers they are 300 million of them
it's bigger than a country like
Indonesia in size so and the the saving
ratio for This population is currently
sitting at over 45%. National saving
ratio in China is at 31%. So if you can
spend on social security related uh
spending then these households can
reduce their saving ratio that can give
you better multiplier effect in form of
consumption.
>> But while you are generating this lower
growth with consumption if you're
targeting towards that social security
benefits then it addresses the issue of
social stability as well. So I think
that's the reason why the solution that
we are recommending we think is probably
the best solution for China.
>> Chen, thank you. Ch there. He's staying
with us from Morgan Stanley. Still ahead
on the China show, we'll have reaction
as President Xi tells the UN that
Beijing aims to cut greenhouse gas
emissions by up to 10% over the next
decade, a target many see as too modest.
And I'm Steven Angel in Hong Kong, which
is counting the cost from yesterday's
super typhoon, which raked the city,
causing significant damage to a number
of businesses, including here in the
satellite town of Chunguano, where a
number of restaurants were damaged. I'll
have the full story coming up. This is
Bloomberg.
[Music]
Welcome back. You're watching the China
Show. We're back here with Chutton Aya,
chief Asia economist at Morgan Stanley.
Uh just to continue conversation on
China. So Jen the the question you know
so markets have been rallying on the
back of this premise of liquidity and
people look at that savings that
mountain of savings of Chinese
investments and saying that seems to be
enough and I can't help but think of you
know the rally is taking place maybe
because the economy is weak not despite
of it in other words that's that's where
you get the returns and I wonder from a
policy perspective
the temptation is introducing short-term
measures to boost confidence but they're
intro introducing many things, right?
Silver economy,
some very slow burning reforms on social
security, for example. And these are
things that will not mature and bear
fruit overnight. So, in other words, is
the market just set up for
disappointment because they're waiting
for shortterm,
you know, short-term results for a
longer term exercise that is needed.
>> Yeah, I think that uh the the long-term
reforms are necessary. uh and our view
is that the pace is relatively slow. Uh
they can definitely do it at a much
faster pace.
>> Okay.
>> Um but it it's just that they are stuck
with a few framework issues. So I think
number one uh framework point that they
have um and in in my discussions that's
what I sent is that you know whenever
there's a downturn in the economy you
have to support that uh downturn and
revive growth with investment because if
you um leverage to invest you are
creating assets for the future whereas
if you leverage to boost consumption
you're only leaving debt for future
generations. So that's intergenerational
transfers for them. So they're holding
back for that. Number two is that they
think that you know because that total
population is declining now even working
age population is declining how do you
generate real GDP growth per capita
income is still low relative to
developed world you want GDP growth to
be there uh but if your population is
declining now GDP growth has to come
from productivity growth and how do you
generate productivity growth with
investment not with consumption and the
third thing uh they were thinking is
that you know you you can't you cannot
uh increase structural commitment in
government expenditure to defend a
cyclical slowdown. Though my concern is
that this is not a cyclical slowdown.
There is a structural slowdown because
the property sector is not coming back
and therefore we need a structural
solution of social security reform.
>> If we do get that paradigm shift in
terms of the you know the this evolution
of the economic framework, is there a
tradeoff that is not so obvious right
now? What do we perhaps need to give up
>> economically?
I think what they need to give up is you
know very high real GDP growth um and
and and then take a backseat a bit in
terms of investment and you know maybe
it comes at the cost of some slowdown in
tech innovation or innovation in all
those sectors uh but I think it's it's
what is necessary it will be good for
China in the long term
>> um I want to talk about more of risks
ahead maybe potentially you in your trip
you I should talk a little about about
the business cycle and how Most of the
people that you talk to are quite
constructive on growth. But what about
when it comes to tariffs? How should we
be looking at tariffs towards the end of
the year?
>> So, uh, call me like the last bear
sitting on the tariff impact in this
world.
>> Well, it depends what you say next, but
yes, no one's talking about
>> I am still concerned about the damage
that comes out of tariff. Um, and I
think in my conversations with the US
investors, even Asia and Asian
investors, they've all sort of moved on.
They think this is like a gone story.
It's not relevant. uh and I think it is
it is still relevant because you know
for Asia particularly tariff rate has
gone up from 5% to 25%.
U just because I know with certainty
what is the damage doesn't take away the
pain I mean it can't be that the pain is
not there it's there um and what we were
expecting for some time is that there is
front loing
>> and so eventually there is going to be a
payback and the payback will probably be
bigger because you have done the front
loing there is an underlying slowdown in
the US economy so you are going to have
a bigger slowdown in trade in the coming
months and guess what the September data
point which we saw for Korea for the
first 20 days if you adjust it for
holidays it's down by 10.6%.
So we're beginning to see that uh and I
suspect that you are going to see that
more in the coming months where trades
throws down in the region
>> and that's already to your point Korea
which has sort of the AI semiconductor
tailwinds going with it. What about the
rest of the region? like how how how bad
is
>> like I'm talking about Korea and Korea
tech exports also slowed by the way
because you know a lot of the Korean
tech exports is also not going for just
AI it's going for the broader economy
>> right
>> u so that is also probably uh slowing
down that's what Korean data is showing
but the rest of the region is going to
suffer even more because they are they
don't even have any exposure to AI in
terms of their exports and so yeah we
are expecting that the whole region will
will see a meaningful um export slowdown
in the coming months
>> and so you think more cuts coming
through from Asia central banks then
>> absolutely you we discussed about the
disinflationary pressures from China uh
starting point of inflation is already
low you're going to see domestic
capacity utilization suffer because the
trade slowdown comes in uh so we are
expecting more rate cuts than what the
market is pricing in right now or the
consensus is talking about
>> the I'm curious what you think you
mentioned Indonesia earlier on I mean
we've seen tension around inequality and
just in maybe overall inflation and do
you think around the corner we're
underestimating the potential for you
know a policy shift in many of these
places in EM how are you guys at Morgan
Stanford looking at this sort of broader
conundrum
>> I think on the fiscal side of things and
just
>> I think precisely I think not only China
but the whole region will need to do a
lot more on the fiscal side
>> uh and and we didn't discuss about AI
and that's coming as well and that's
going to have additional uh you know job
pressures in the in the region
uh we can already see that in the US in
terms of youth unemployment issue and I
think that's coming also to the region.
So uh they will need to have a proper
planning of how to address this
challenge of you know covered inequality
uh unemployment not only broader
unemployment particularly youth
unemployment there needs to be an active
planning needed and I think fiscal
policy is right now not actively being
used and more of the people in more of
the economies in the region will have to
do that. Okay. Um, certainly that's one
thing to watch. India though, everyone's
talking about tariffs as you mentioned
that we quite haven't quite felt maybe
the effects of that yet. India markets
certainly have been sort of on the
weaker side because of that's right
>> the headlines. You're still thinking
that a recovery is underway. Why?
>> Yeah. So, India has has two issues. Uh,
one is that there was a domestic
slowdown that was taking place. Uh, if
you look at corporate revenue growth,
earnings growth, uh, that has been
already showing. Yes, the GDP growth
numbers have been strong uh but you know
if you look at the nominal GDP growth
that has been quite weak and that's what
matters for the corporate sector. Um so
I think that major reason why Indian
invest investors have been concerned
about India is precisely that uh the
domestic slowdown and then overlay that
with this trade tensions. So that's the
second issue that is affecting India.
Now on the trade tensions part um uh we
are currently expecting that it'll be
resolved in two three months time and
that's what we have built in our numbers
um and that's a risk to watch um we we
cannot with certainty predict where US
policy is going to evolve on that but I
think to to the extent to which a bigger
reason for you know India's sort of
so-called underperformance uh versus the
rest of the EM is domestic demand story
yeah
>> that is definitely turning up and Um uh
if you look at the first two three datas
of the festival day season and and I
hate to look at like high frequency data
to make a medium-term call uh but the
the numbers have been so strong for
credit card sales uh sales auto sales uh
that we think that domestic demand is
beginning to turn now.
>> Cutton thank you so much J and I are
there out of Morgan Stanley which you
covered just about everything there.
Plenty more ahead here on the China
show.
[Music]
All right. Um, yeah, the
copper story is continuing to give here
and you can read the full story of
course and what's been taking place in
the in that massive massive mine of
course in the accident there, but it's
leading to higher copper prices and
that's leading to this follow-through
effect in the equity market.
[Music]
Right, we're just going into the
Japanese lunch break. Uh, and just to
mention that the big item on the macro
agenda in Japan today is this 40-year
bond auction. We'll get more on that in
a moment. Uh, we're looking at slight
upside in the equity market which really
wasn't the case or at least we were
thinking that today was going to be more
of sideways trading. We are coming off
the bottom as well across some of these
markets. Let's see what happens. US
futures have found an anchor going into
the thick of Thursday. So, we'll see
whether or not that actually continues
uh to give. Of course, the other thing
as we change the page, please, if we can
here, is this move up in the dollar and
this backing up of yields and leading to
where you are on dollar yen. As we
mentioned, a 40-year bond auction is
coming through. We're now looking at a
let's call it 335, 337 as far as the
bond yield is concerned there. It's
worth pointing out as well, we're
backing up a little bit, right? So I
think it was uh late May and early June
where we had some issues getting these
auctions out. There were concerns
obviously about this melt up in yields,
but since then a lot of things have
taken place. You know, for one, you look
at how the 40-year bond auction has gone
so far this year to cover on the right
side of your screens. You also have, of
course, the supply dynamics helping
things along. You have Tokyo proposing
to actually decrease the issuance of
super long-term government bonds by $670
million. enhanced liquidity. These are
certainly auctions for uh the coming
auctions, not maybe so much today, but
that certainly plays into likely demand
because of the decreased supply moving
forward. You have the Ministry of
Finance coming out and cutting the
issuance for debt to more than 15 years
and beyond and less than 39 years at
each of those uh bond auctions as well.
It's also worth pointing out that
foreign investors have been fairly
active in this market amidst this pickup
in yields. I think we're now eight
straight months through the year.
January all through the end of August,
they've been net purchasers, net buyers,
net inflows into the JGB market. That's
just to say maybe we shouldn't be
worried too much over this coming bond
auction in the next hour or so than we
used to be just as recently as what 8 to
10 8 to 10 weeks back. Anyway, uh just
to pivot the story here, uh we're
looking at shares of Giants. That's the
bicycle maker of course in Taiwan
following um again what's really coming
as a big surprise of course is pullback
in the uh US coming under US scrutiny.
Uh the other thing we're tracking as
well you have Alibaba of course you have
Cherry Auto which is the big listing
here today. No ceremony because of the
weather but this listing did push to
Ron.
>> It did. It looks like it it's working
out for them in terms of Cherry Auto
there. We're up some 10%. Still watching
for dig gold uh for next week as well
and and how long that that delay the
typhoon delayed. that listing. Uh now to
the latest when it comes to of course
tropical storm Margasa which has
weakened from a super typhoon level as
it moves towards now northern Vietnam
and threatening to drench the capital of
Hanoi with heavy rain. At its peak,
Argasa was the most powerful storm
recorded anywhere in the world this year
and it did kill at least 17 people in
Taiwan when heavy rain caused a natural
dam to overflow. Hong Kong airport,
meanwhile, says it expects to handle
more than a thousand flights on
Thursday. Flights in and out of Hong
Kong were halted, as you know, for 36
hours as a typhoon lashed the financial
hub.
>> Yeah. Uh let's bring in Steven Angel,
our chief North Asia correspondent. He's
out and about in Hong Kong right now,
just having a sense of what took place
as the dust settles here. Steve, uh tell
us what you see and where you are.
>> Well, obviously Hong Kong is used to
typhoons and the cleanup happens pretty
quick. It's happening here already, even
though it doesn't look like it started.
Uh, it has. This is kind of a collection
of everything that was on this uh
restaurant patio. Three different
restaurants are here. And these are the
storm barriers. They are actually blown
over as you can see down here. Uh they
there's some steel that slats in here.
The storm surge pushed it all and broke
through many of the windows. Many of
them were taped up, but of course the
tape just prevents the glass from
flying. doesn't hold back uh the storm
surge from uh Junk Bay, which is just
off here. We won't make the cameraman
turn around cuz we're in the bushes
here, but essentially that's what was
the problem before this location. It's
southerntherly facing and the storm
Ragasa basically
passed by Hong Kong about a 100
kilometers to the south. So everything
south facing really took the brunt of
it. But I have to emphasize as well that
Hong Kong was extremely lucky. You just
mentioned Ivonne about this being the
strongest tropical storm or the
strongest storm on record anywhere in
the world this year, but it wasn't as
damaging as that other T10. That's the
classification of the level of storm.
T10 in Hong Kong is the highest level.
And we've had two already here in Hong
Kong this year. In six decades of
records, Hong Kong has never had two
T10s in the same year. In fact, dating
back to 1946, there have been 19
equivalent T10s. So, we've had two
already this year. Something uh you
know, the scientists will like to look
into about global warming and all that.
I won't go down that rabbit hole right
now, but essentially one of the reasons
why this one wasn't as damaging perhaps
as Mangut, another 10 in uh was what was
it 2018, was that had a more loose eye.
The outer eye then was more strong and
it really h pummeled Hong Kong. This one
that passed yesterday had a real tight
eye and the outer edges were less
powerful even though it had essentially
the same path skirting off the coast of
Hong Kong to the south uh and not
hitting land. Basically hitting Hong
Kong with a full brunt. But again, it
was at the outer edges more loosely
defined and therefore less uh structured
and less powerful. So that's my basic uh
layman's uh weather report there. But
again, the big lucky uh thing is that
there were no deaths. Yes, there is a
reported a mother who fell into the
water with her child. They were
unconscious when they were pulled out of
the water. She is said to be still in
critical condition. So we'll be watching
that. But essentially, Hong Kong is
familiar with these typhoons. They tape
up their windows. They hunker down. They
go to the store. They buy up toilet
paper, water, and everything. and we are
just waking up to relatively
lower damage than previous T10s.
>> Yeah. Um thank thank goodness for that,
right, Steve? Um of course we we were
just talking about how we were all
hunker down uh as well and and you know
obviously cleanup efforts are underway,
but it seems like this this Ragasa is
not quite done, right? We we've talked
about how it it could continue to barrel
southern China, Vietnam next. you know
what we saw in Hong Kong. That is that a
clear indication of what's going to
happen to the likes of of Vietnam now.
>> Well, it did hit GuangDong after Hong
Kong. So, more of a western GuangDong.
Uh there several million people were
displaced and uh it's so it's hit the
landfall. So, it's had landfall. So,
typhoons weakened considerably with when
they hit landfall. So, there will be
some damage obviously in Vietnam and
going inland. Uh but it does weaken
quite a bit. I'm not there so I can't
give you firsthand knowledge. Uh but
again today here in Hong Kong is about
getting those flights going again uh out
of uh you know Cheplac airport. Uh it
was closed completely for 36 hours. So
that's a bit of a headache and also just
counting up the costs for businesses and
also homes that might have had damages.
I just you know the last uh question I
broke down uh some of the damages
compared to Manud. Well, Mount Coot had
nearly $500 million in insurance claims.
So, it was quite a powerful storm. This
one already, Bloomberg Intelligence is
sort of looking into the cost to
insurance companies. It might be around
50 to 100 million. So, about a fifth of
the cost of Manguk, but again, we're in
preliminary stages right now. But again,
I I guess you could call this a a lucky
blow to Hong Kong because it could have
been much worse.
>> Steve, thank you. our chief major
correspondent there joining us from uh
Changano, one of the one of the worst
hit areas uh yesterday as well. Of
course, this brings to mind a lot of
discussions about climate and really
China's climate targets are a key focus
when it comes to Chinese media today
with the People's Daily headlining
President Xi's UN speech setting a goal
of cutting net greenhouse gas emissions
by between 7 and 10% over the next
decade. Now, it's a plan that some
analysts say is too modest to put the
world's top poller on the path to net
zero. Let's bring in our China
correspondent MLO on on the target. How
realistic and how much more does it need
to do?
>> Well, according to our in-house
analysts, they have put out a model that
suggests that China needs to cut carbon
emissions by about 40% or so by 2035.
And you look at China's target now, 7 to
10% cut, they say is too unambitious.
But bear in mind that China has this
tradition of setting pretty modest uh
goals and then exceeding it. And you
look at its target to for example peak
carbon emissions by 2030. If the current
trajectory doesn't change, it suggests
that China might have already peaked
carbon emissions last year 2024. That's
six years ahead of schedule. Also look
at how China has been pouring a lot of
investments into renewable energies that
has been you know at record highs in the
last couple of years. It's still
possible that China could be on track to
reach its uh net carbon neutral goal
by60. Another thing that is significant
here is that China is moving away from
this intensitybased approach to cutting
emissions to an absolute amount and that
is in line with devel uh developed
countries as well.
>> Well, speaking of I can't help but
compare this side by side with what the
US is doing almost on the opposite side
of things.
>> Yeah. And you know there's always been
this comparison between US and China of
course especially with President Trump
having pulled out of the Paris climate
agreement at first in his first term in
office and President C also made a
veiled swipe at the US without named
dropping the country he said in this
televised speech that you can see here a
pre-recorded speech at the UN climate
summit yesterday and saying that you
know some countries he said are going
against this trend of uh a green
transition and that the rest of the
world need to remain unwavering in their
commitment here. So, China has been
filling in this gap, the leadership gap
that has been left open by the US when
it comes to climate as well as when it
comes to global aid for example and
Chinese state media. As you can see
earlier on the people's daily piece,
they have been really highlighting the
fact that China is now taking the lead
when it comes to these uh climate change
agreements.
>> Min, thank you so much. M our China
correspondent there. We will leave you
and Mim was just mentioning your
pre-recorded speech out of Chinese
President Xi Jinping uh in front of the
UN. And of course, we'll leave you with
some live pictures out of the Chinese
presidents attending the 70th
anniversary of the establishment of the
Shinjang Weager Autonomous Region.
Plenty more ahead. This is Mumb.
[Music]
Wait, I'm doing this.
All right, welcome back. We're looking
at Who would have thought? Uh we were
looking at well just to rewind you know
an hour and 40 minutes back when futures
got underway uh solidly in the red. We
reversed most of that going into the
open still red opened flat sideways and
as you can see now has uh at least on
the onore markets has completely just
reversed that half of 1%. In fact just
yesterday it's worth noting that CSI 300
already closed at the highest uh since
early 2022. The same can be said when
you look at the small caps index. So we
we mentioned this in the agenda going
into today. Really watch. A lot of
attention was on Alibaba. Also look at
what happened onshore yesterday and it's
continuing today on the starboard and
the star 50 index and the Chinese index.
We're up about 1.6 uh as far as that's
concerned. So yeah, we'll continue to
track this and large and going into some
of the tech plays as well.
>> Yeah, I mean Alibaba is up 1% right now.
So that's why your HS tech is up by 910
to 1%. It's the chip makers. is the Huah
Hong semis as the leader of the board.
Now we're seeing 6% gains uh for that
Huah Hong stock. So there you go. Seems
like momentum is building once again in
China. Let's talk a little more about
South Korea. The the prime minister or
president Liam has reportedly met with
US Treasury Secretary Scott Besson in
New York. Now the Chosen Daily says Lee
explained to Besson how South Korea's
economy differs from Japan's as the two
countries work to finalize their trade
agreement. Now the prime minister Kiman
Sulk also spoke exclusively to Bloomberg
about the latest on those trade talks.
>> This negotiation wasn't initiated by us.
We didn't start from a position of
advantage. Nor did we raise the issues.
Isn't that the case for the entire
world? Since the whole world is
negotiating under the new conditions
presented by the United States rather
than insisting on specific conditions,
the correct answer would be that certain
things are simply difficult to achieve.
Therefore, anything that exceeds the
limits of what the Republic of Korea can
bear in terms of national interests,
acceptability, capacity or public
understanding will be quite difficult to
undertake. Are the issues that need to
be resolved around the $350 billion
investment fund into the US?
>> That's generally the case since the
framework for the large amount is
already set. The fact that the amount is
fixed means it started with the
expectation that depending on how that
amount is structured, it could
potentially be mutually beneficial.
However, the structure itself, how the
funds are raised or how the profits are
distributed, these things need to be
within the bounds of what's considered
normal. And when explaining to our
Korean citizens, it needs to be at a
level where they can understand and
accept it. Above all, it must be within
the capacity of our Korean economy to
handle. President E talked about the
need for a currency swap agreement in
order to avoid any shocks to the Korean
economy when delivering these funds.
What has Washington said so far?
>> I haven't heard the exact details yet on
how they've responded so far. However,
as the president has already stated,
that amount currently represents 70 to
80% of Korea's total foreign exchange
reserves. Without measures like swaps or
similar mechanisms, the impact on the
Korean economy will be too severe. Also,
as a nation that experienced a foreign
exchange crisis, public vigilance on
this matter is high. I believe these
factors must be taken into
consideration.
>> When it comes to the tariffs themselves,
we still have to see the US actually
lowering car tariffs on South Korea to
the agreed 15%. And even if those
tariffs were lowered, the tariff
advantage that South Korean car makers
had over Japan, for example, 2 and a
half% before the Trump trade deal,
that's going to disappear. How painful
is that for South Korean firms right
now?
>> First, the FTA structure between US and
the US is changing and that will create
a burden. Naturally, if tariffs drop
from 25 to 15%, that will be better. But
it's still harder than before. And
especially at this point, there's the
difficulty of having to bear the 25%
until this negotiation concludes. So, in
short, there are difficulties.
Hyundai Motor and others are facing
particular challenges. However, as far
as we understand, Hyundai Motor
currently plans to navigate this
situation without changing its pricing
policy for now. I personally view this
as a relatively wise approach. The
government is reviewing various policy
options to see what can be done to
alleviate the burden on the automotive
sector caused by the ongoing
negotiations.
More problematic also for Korean
companies has been the visa issue
especially with the plant in Georgia.
What sort of resolution can we expect on
that front?
>> Before discussing what kind of solution
there is realistically without a
solution, it's difficult to invest in
the United States and carry out the
various joint projects currently planned
between South Korea and the US. We
absolutely must find a solution. Several
projects are underway between South
Korea and the US. Without resolving the
visa issue, meaningful progress remains
virtually impossible.
The detention incident dealt a severe
blow not only to the general Korean
public, but especially to the workers
who were actually detained. In the
absence of firm assurances regarding
their safety, both they and their
families are understandably reluctant to
enter the US again. While this matter
remains unresolved,
>> our investment projects right now halted
until some resolution is acquired on the
visa issue
>> project. Although the projects have not
been entirely halted or formally placed
on hold, it will be very difficult for a
large number of workers to enter or
re-enter the US until this problem is
resolved.
>> South Korean firms are also seeing
challenges, for example, in China,
especially when it comes to US chip
restrictions for Beijing. Korean firms
operating in China. How can South Korea
manage the growing tech rivalry between
China and the United States?
>> That's a problem the whole world is
grappling with. It's a natural concern,
especially for countries like Korea that
share significant economic ties with
both the United States and China.
Naturally, we strive to maintain good
relations with all neighboring
countries. However, we understand that
the overall plate we stand on has tilted
slightly compared to the past.
>> In what way?
>> The terrain itself has tilted towards
strengthening our relationship with the
United States. I can answer in that way.
>> What does that mean for China Korea
relations? Then
>> I think China understands this too. If
Korea standing on this larger terrain
demonstrates appropriate efforts to
maintain its relationship with China,
understanding the changed terrain, then
even on that terrain, Korea can still
strive to maintain its relationship with
China.
>> But the US has had so many demands for
South Korea, including for example
raising defense spending, 5% of GDP as
for NATO, for example.
With respect to defense spending, I do
not believe it must necessarily be
considered in connection with our
relations with other countries. Rather,
it is an area that can be expanded as
part of strengthening our independent
national defense.
>> By how much?
>> Recently, we mentioned 3.5% and we did
so because we judge that this is a level
we are capable of sustaining.
Are we expecting any contact between
North Korean leader Kim Jong-un and
President Trump during the upcoming Apex
summit?
>> Both of them are currently evaluating
the relationship between the two parties
positively
since unforeseen events can always
occur. I believe we should keep that
possibility open. But so far, North
Korea and Chairman Kim Jong-un are
showing no signs of changing their
stance.
President E
created a positive foundation for South
Korea Japan ties during his last visit
to Tokyo. We might see a leadership
change in Japan. Could this have an
impact on Korea Japan relations as well?
>> We hope that won't be the case. We
believe it is undesirable for relations
between nations to be significantly
impacted or altered by changes in
leadership. While we also face various
challenges, we have prioritized
diplomatic continuity and are working to
further improve relations with Japan.
Regardless of who becomes Japan's new
prime minister, we expect and hope that
they will consider various factors to
ensure that the current newly formed
friendly atmosphere is not adversely
affected.
>> South Korean Prime Minister Kim Sulk
speaking exclusively with Sherry in
Soul. And of course, if you are a
subscriber and want to rewatch that
interview, you can watch us through the
interactive TV function TV go. You can
also become part of the conversation,
send us messages, questions for our
guests throughout the shows as well.
Check it out at TV go.
[Music]
In some other news this morning, China's
commerce minister has urged Chinese
firms operating in the US to avoid
bringing so-called involution or
cutthroat price wars abroad. Went Tao
told companies at a New York round table
that the ministry will strive to
stabilize China US economic and trade
cooperation. He also pledged to
safeguard Chinese firms' rights amid
rising protectionism. And of course,
we're also watching robotic stocks in
China. The Trump administration has
launched investigations into imports of
robotics, industrial machinery, and
medical devices, setting the stage for
fresh tariffs. The investigations are
under section 232 of the Trade Expansion
Act rather than the emergency powers
being challenged in the courts. New
tariffs could come in addition to
country-based levies already in force.
>> Right. Uh Chinese top car exporter
debuting today. Quite a good one last
week. Check. Cherry Auto first day at
school here in Hong Kong. CL also very
much in focus. Yep, we are rising close
to a record high in China on the strong
battery outlook, the upgrade from JP
Morgan here as well. So there you go.
We're up 4% for the eight and eight
shares here right now. DAW has also been
talking about battery outlook is good
because of ESS demand here, right? So
they are seeing some investors rotating
out of EV stocks into battery. Now
that's it for us here in the China show.
Insight with Helinda Almond is next.
[Music]